--red1|Red||/leaders/gs-red
eevee|9|quick-attack,rest,snore,curse|run-away|sitrus-berry
bulbasaur|9|sleep-powder,mega-drain,cut,light-screen|overgrow|berry-juice
charmander|9|flame-wheel,quick-attack,bite,will-o-wisp|blaze|berry-juice
squirtle|9|fake-out,water-pulse,yawn,bite|torrent|berry-juice
pikachu|9|shock-wave,quick-attack,surf,thunder-wave|static|sitrus-berry

--red2|Red||/leaders/gs-red#Route 113
pikachu|37|volt-tackle,surf,hp-ice,sing|static|light-ball
espeon|36|reflect,psychic,bite,signal-beam|synchronize|lum-berry
snorlax|36|curse,snore,earthquake,rest|guts|leftovers
blastoise|36|surf,yawn,ice-beam,mirror-coat|torrent|lum-berry
venusaur|36|sleep-powder,giga-drain,sludge-bomb,synthesis|chlorophyll|lum-berry
charizard|36|flamethrower,aerial-ace,dragon-claw,earthquake|blaze|lum-berry

--mt1|Tabitha||/leaders/rs-tabitha#Mt Chimney
dodrio|37|double-edge,hp-ground,quick-attack,drill-peck|early-bird|lum-berry
manectric|37|crunch,overheat,hp-water,thunderbolt|intimidate|lum-berry
weezing|37|explosion,gunk-shot,flamethrower,hp-grass|levitate|lum-berry
aggron|38|head-smash,superpower,earthquake,flash-cannon|rock-head|quick-claw
flygon|37|earthquake,giga-drain,signal-beam,rock-slide|levitate|lum-berry
arcanine|38|overheat,extreme-speed,hp-grass,wild-charge|intimidate|lum-berry

--mtmax1|Maxie||/leaders/rs-maxie#Mt Chimney
registeel|38|explosion,thunder-wave,ancient-power,earthquake|clear-body|lum-berry
crobat|39|giga-drain,poison-fang,heat-wave,air-slash|inner-focus|lum-berry
claydol|39|explosion,psychic,signal-beam,earthquake|levitate|lum-berry
alakazam|38|fire-punch,psychic,thunder-punch,ice-punch|synchronize|lum-berry
dusclops|38|will-o-wisp,shadow-ball,seismic-toss,rest|pressure|leftovers
houndoom|39|overheat,crunch,hp-grass,poison-fang|intimidate|lum-berry

--mtmax2|Maxie||/leaders/rs-maxie#Magma Hideout
tyranitar|66|solar-beam,fire-blast,ancient-power,earthquake|intimidate|lum-berry
flygon|66|solar-beam,draco-meteor,heat-wave,earthquake|levitate|lum-berry
gengar|66|ice-punch,thunderbolt,psychic,fire-punch|levitate|lum-berry
arcanine|66|solar-beam,heat-wave,extreme-speed,hp-ice|intimidate|lum-berry
exeggutor|66|solar-beam,psychic,ancient-power,hp-fire|chlorophyll|lum-berry
entei|66|solar-beam,sacred-fire,extreme-speed,ancient-power|inner-focus|lum-berry

--mtmax3|Maxie & Tabitha||/leaders/rs-maxie-tabitha#Mossdeep Space Center
gengar|70|giga-drain,thunderbolt,fire-punch,ice-punch|levitate|lum-berry
tauros|71|earthquake,double-edge,hp-ghost,iron-tail|intimidate|lum-berry

salamence|70|draco-meteor,air-slash,flamethrower,hp-grass|intimidate|lum-berry
flygon|71|earthquake,flamethrower,signal-beam,ancient-power|levitate|lum-berry

charizard|71|overheat,thunder-punch,dragon-claw,hp-ice|blaze|lum-berry
metagross|72|earthquake,meteor-mash,shadow-ball,hp-grass|clear-body|lum-berry

--mc1|Courtney||/leaders/rs-courtney#MAgma Hideout
charizard|64|overheat,dragon-claw,solar-beam,earthquake|blaze|lum-berry
regirock|65|counter,explosion,ancient-power,earthquake|clear-body|lum-berry
salamence|64|draco-meteor,air-slash,flamethrower,earthquake|intimidate|lum-berry
kangaskhan|63|fake-out,crush-claw,shadow-ball,earthquake|early-bird|lum-berry
venusaur|65|sleep-powder,weather-ball,solar-beam,ancient-power|chlorophyll|lum-berry
castform|64|weather-ball,ice-beam,solar-beam,thunderbolt|forecast|lum-berry

--mc2|Courtney||/leaders/rs-courtney#Space Center
crobat|70|heat-wave,sky-attack,hp-ground,giga-drain|inner-focus|lum-berry
regirock|70|thunder-wave,explosion,ancient-power,earthquake|clear-body|lum-berry
gardevoir|70|calm-mind,psychic,thunderbolt,fire-punch|synchronize|lum-berry
arcanine|70|overheat,extreme-speed,wild-charge,hp-grass|intimidate|lum-berry
meganium|70|grass-whistle,giga-drain,earthquake,ancient-power|thick-fat|lum-berry
dusclops|70|will-o-wisp,rest,shadow-ball,earthquake|pressure|leftovers


--am1|Matt||/leaders/rs-matt#Mt Pyre
wailord|57|self-destruct,water-spout,earthquake,ice-beam|pressure|quick-claw
machamp|56|superpower,rock-slide,earthquake,hp-ghost|guts|chesto-berry
slaking|56|hyper-beam,surf,earthquake,shadow-ball|truant|lum-berry
exeggutor|56|explosion,egg-bomb,psychic,ancient-power|chlorophyll|quick-claw
gyarados|58|hp-flying,dragon-dance,earthquake,frustration|intimidate|bright-powder
dragonite|57|superpower,rock-slide,earthquake,extreme-speed|thick-fat|lum-berry


--am2|Matt||/leaders/rs-matt#Aqua Hideout
glalie|66|explosion,ice-shard,ice-beam,earthquake|intimidate|lum-berry
kingdra|66|rain-dance,octazooka,draco-meteor,ice-beam|swift-swim|lum-berry
machamp|67|superpower,earthquake,rock-slide,hp-ghost|guts|quick-claw
tauros|66|double-edge,earthquake,iron-tail,|intimidate|choice-band
dragonite|66|dragon-dance,hp-flying,earthquake,superpower|thick-fat|lum-berry
wailord|67|amnesia,earthquake,ice-beam,rest|pressure|leftovers


--as1|Shelly||/leaders/rs-shelly#Weather institute
milotic|48|mirror-coat,ice-beam,surf,recover|swift-swim|lum-berry
hypno|47|hypnosis,psychic,signal-beam,fire-punch|insomnia|leftovers
shuckle|47|toxic,double-team,rest,protect|shell-armor|leftovers
medicham|47|fake-out,brick-break,shadow-ball,rock-slide|pure-power|lum-berry
dragonite|48|thunder-wave,surf,dragon-claw,return|thick-fat|lum-berry
lapras|49|surf,ice-beam,thunderbolt,drill-run|shell-armor|leftovers

--as2|Shelly||/leaders/rs-shelly#Seafloor Cavern
lapras|72|drill-run,hydro-pump,ice-beam,thunder|shell-armor|lum-berry
ludicolo|72|leech-seed,waterfall,ice-beam,protect|swift-swim|leftovers
starmie|72|hydro-pump,psychic,ice-beam,thunder|natural-cure|lum-berry
raichu|72|surf,extreme-speed,sing,thunder|static|lum-berry
dragonite|72|earthquake,extreme-speed,hp-flying,thunder|thick-fat|lum-berry
vaporeon|73|sing,muddy-water,ice-beam,hp-grass|swift-swim|leftovers

--aqarc|Archie||/leaders/rs-archie#Seafloor Cavern
raikou|75|thunder,hp-grass,weather-ball,calm-mind|pressure|lum-berry
suicune|75|ice-beam,hp-grass,hydro-pump,calm-mind|battle-armor|lum-berry
metagross|75|meteor-mash,earth-power,sludge-bomb,protect|clear-body|lum-berry
dragonite|75|thunder,draco-meteor,hydro-pump,extreme-speed|thick-fat|lum-berry
qwilfish|75|destiny-bond,gunk-shot,hydro-pump,swords-dance|swift-swim|lum-berry
kingdra|75|octazooka,draco-meteor,signal-beam,yawn|swift-swim|lum-berry


--w1|Wally||/leaders/rs-wally#Mauville city
ralts|70|pain-split,teleport,encore,will-o-wisp|synchronize|oran-berry

--w2|Wally||/leaders/rs-wally#Victory Road
meganium|85|synthesis,giga-drain,earthquake,ancient-power|thick-fat|lum-berry
raichu|85|volt-tackle,extreme-speed,surf,hp-ice|static|lum-berry
hitmontop|85|mach-punch,brick-break,rock-slide,hp-ghost|intimidate|lum-berry
vaporeon|85|muddy-water,ice-beam,quick-attack,hp-grass|swift-swim|leftovers
blissey|85|counter,soft-boiled,seismic-toss,psywave|natural-cure|leftovers
gardevoir|88|calm-mind,psychic,fire-punch,thunderbolt|synchronize|lum-berry

####################################
#### Brendan & May Rival Fights ####
####################################

--b0|Brendan||/leaders/rs-brendan#Rustboro City
farfetchd|14|quick-attack,aerial-ace,mud-slap,cut|keen-eye|stick
plusle|14|thunder-wave,thunder-shock,quick-attack,seismic-toss|plus|magnet
nidorino|16|toxic,secret-power,drill-run,protect|poison-point|silk-scarf

chikorita|15|light-screen,reflect,mega-drain,secret-power|overgrow|sitrus-berry|grass
squirtle|15|water-gun,attract,secret-power,icy-wind|torrent|mystic-water|grass
combusken|16|ember,double-kick,rock-tomb,quick-attack|blaze|charcoal|grass

totodile|15|water-gun,bite,cut,aerial-ace|torrent|mystic-water|water
charmander|15|ember,quick-attack,bite,rock-tomb|blaze|charcoal|water
grovyle|16|mega-drain,pursuit,rock-tomb,quick-attack|overgrow|miracle-seed|water

bulbasaur|15|mega-drain,secret-power,toxic,attract|overgrow|sitrus-berry|fire
quilava|15|ember,quick-attack,attract,secret-power|blaze|charcoal|fire
marshtomp|16|mud-shot,water-gun,rock-tomb,secret-power|torrent|mystic-water|fire

--r0|May||/leaders/rs-may#Rustboro City
farfetchd|14|quick-attack,aerial-ace,mud-slap,cut|keen-eye|stick
minun|14|thunder-wave,thunder-shock,quick-attack,seismic-toss|minus|berry-juice
nidorina|16|toxic,secret-power,drill-run,protect|poison-point|silk-scarf

chikorita|15|light-screen,reflect,mega-drain,secret-power|overgrow|sitrus-berry|grass
squirtle|15|water-gun,attract,secret-power,icy-wind|torrent|mystic-water|grass
combusken|16|ember,double-kick,rock-tomb,quick-attack|blaze|charcoal|grass

totodile|15|water-gun,bite,cut,aerial-ace|torrent|mystic-water|water
charmander|15|ember,quick-attack,bite,rock-tomb|blaze|charcoal|water
grovyle|16|mega-drain,pursuit,rock-tomb,quick-attack|overgrow|miracle-seed|water

bulbasaur|15|mega-drain,secret-power,toxic,attract|overgrow|sitrus-berry|fire
quilava|15|ember,quick-attack,attract,secret-power|blaze|charcoal|fire
marshtomp|16|mud-shot,water-gun,rock-tomb,secret-power|torrent|mystic-water|fire

#################
### Route 110 ###
#################

--b1|Brendan||/leaders/rs-brendan#route 110
plusle|22|headbutt,thunder-wave,wild-charge,signal-beam|plus||
pidgeotto|24|steel-wing,quick-attack,secret-power,aerial-ace|keen-eye||
nidorino|24|body-slam,sludge-bomb,drill-run,water-pulse|poison-point||

bayleef|24|body-slam,grass-whistle,giga-drain,synthesis|overgrow||grass
wartortle|25|body-slam,fake-out,water-pulse,ice-punch|torrent||grass
combusken|26|bulk-up,fire-punch,rock-slide,brick-break|blaze||grass

quilava|24|iron-tail,attract,flame-wheel,body-slam|blaze||fire
ivysaur|25|body-slam,attract,sludge-bomb,giga-drain|overgrow||fire
marshtomp|26|body-slam,attract,mud-shot,water-pulse|torrent||fire

croconaw|24|body-slam,attract,waterfall,aerial-ace|torrent||water
charmeleon|25|quick-attack,fire-punch,dragon-claw,brick-break|blaze||water
grovyle|26|headbutt,giga-drain,quick-attack,pursuit|overgrow||water

--r1|May||/leaders/rs-may#route 110
minun|22|signal-beam,attract,thunder-wave,thunderbolt|minus|
pidgeotto|24|aerial-ace,quick-attack,secret-power,steel-wing|keen-eye|
nidorina|24|body-slam,drill-run,sludge-bomb,shadow-ball|poison-point|

bayleef|24|body-slam,grass-whistle,giga-drain,synthesis|overgrow||grass
wartortle|25|body-slam,fake-out,water-pulse,ice-punch|torrent||grass
combusken|26|bulk-up,fire-punch,rock-slide,brick-break|blaze||grass

quilava|24|iron-tail,attract,flame-wheel,body-slam|blaze||fire
ivysaur|25|body-slam,attract,sludge-bomb,giga-drain|overgrow||fire
marshtomp|26|body-slam,attract,mud-shot,water-pulse|torrent||fire

croconaw|24|body-slam,attract,waterfall,aerial-ace|torrent||water
charmeleon|25|quick-attack,fire-punch,dragon-claw,brick-break|blaze||water
grovyle|26|headbutt,giga-drain,quick-attack,pursuit|overgrow||water


#################
### Route 119 ###
#################

--r2|May||/leaders/rs-may#Route 119
raichu|50|thunder,surf,signal-beam,rain-dance|static|lum-berry
clefable|50|thunder,hp-water,body-slam,ice-beam|cute-charm|lum-berry
nidoqueen|50|earthquake,poison-tail,thunder,surf|poison-point|lum-berry

meganium|50|giga-drain,earthquake,ancient-power,synthesis|overgrow|lum-berry|grass
blastoise|50|water-spout,mirror-coat,ice-beam,hp-electric|torrent|lum-berry|grass

swampert|50|muddy-water,earthquake,ice-beam,attract|swift-swim|lum-berry|fire
venusaur|50|sleep-powder,giga-drain,earthquake,ancient-power|chlorophyll|lum-berry|fire

feraligatr|50|hydro-pump,ice-beam,earthquake,hp-electric|torrent|lum-berry|water
sceptile|50|leaf-blade,hp-water,thunder-punch,dragon-claw|overgrow|lum-berry|water

--b2|Brendan||/leaders/rs-brendan#Route 119
raichu|50|thunder,surf,signal-beam,rain-dance|static|lum-berry
porygon2|50|tri-attack,thunder,hp-water,recover|download|lum-berry
nidoking|50|thunder,surf,earthquake,poison-tail|poison-point|lum-berry

meganium|50|giga-drain,earthquake,ancient-power,synthesis|overgrow|lum-berry|grass
blastoise|50|water-spout,mirror-coat,ice-beam,hp-electric|torrent|lum-berry|grass

swampert|50|muddy-water,earthquake,ice-beam,attract|swift-swim|lum-berry|fire
venusaur|50|sleep-powder,giga-drain,earthquake,ancient-power|chlorophyll|lum-berry|fire

feraligatr|50|hydro-pump,ice-beam,earthquake,hp-electric|torrent|lum-berry|water
sceptile|50|leaf-blade,hp-water,thunder-punch,dragon-claw|overgrow|lum-berry|water

################
### Lilycove ###
################

--r3|May||/leaders/rs-may# Lilicover
miltank|59|earthquake,milk-drink,shadow-ball,body-slam|thick-fat|lum-berry
ampharos|59|thunder-wave,thunderbolt,fire-punch,hp-water|static|lum-berry
nidoqueen|59|earthquake,shadow-ball,superpower,poison-fang|poison-point|lum-berry

typhlosion|59|earthquake,overheat,hp-grass,thunder-punch|blaze|lum-berry|fire
venusaur|59|earthquake,giga-drain,sleep-powder,ancient-power|chlorophyll|lum-berry|fire
swampert|60|earthquake,muddy-water,ice-beam,sludge-bomb|swift-swim|lum-berry|fire

meganium|59|grass-whistle,earthquake,ancient-power,giga-drain|overgrow|lum-berry|grass
blastoise|59|water-spout,hp-electric,ice-beam,mirror-coat|torrent|lum-berry|grass
blaziken|60|overheat,superpower,thunder-punch,rock-slide|blaze|lum-berry|grass

feraligatr|59|earthquake,hydro-pump,hp-flying,ancient-power||lum-berry|water
charizard|59|heat-wave,dragon-dance,earthquake,air-slash||lum-berry|water
sceptile|60|giga-drain,thunder-punch,earthquake,dragon-claw||lum-berry|water

--b3|Brendan||/leaders/rs-brendan# Lilicover
tauros|59|double-edge,earthquake,hp-ghost,iron-tail|intimidate|lum-berry
ampharos|59|thunder-wave,thunderbolt,fire-punch,hp-ice|static|lum-berry
nidoking|59|earthquake,shadow-ball,poison-tail,ice-beam|poison-point|lum-berry

typhlosion|59|earthquake,overheat,hp-grass,thunder-punch|blaze|lum-berry|fire
venusaur|59|earthquake,giga-drain,sleep-powder,ancient-power|chlorophyll|lum-berry|fire
swampert|60|earthquake,muddy-water,ice-beam,sludge-bomb|swift-swim|lum-berry|fire

meganium|59|grass-whistle,earthquake,ancient-power,giga-drain|overgrow|lum-berry|grass
blastoise|59|water-spout,hp-electric,ice-beam,mirror-coat|torrent|lum-berry|grass
blaziken|60|overheat,superpower,thunder-punch,rock-slide|blaze|lum-berry|grass

feraligatr|59|earthquake,hydro-pump,hp-flying,ancient-power||lum-berry|water
charizard|59|heat-wave,dragon-dance,earthquake,air-slash||lum-berry|water
sceptile|60|giga-drain,thunder-punch,earthquake,dragon-claw||lum-berry|water

###################

--1|Roxanne|rock|/leaders/rs-roxanne
nosepass|15|self-destruct,attract,seismic-toss,thunder-wave|battle-armor|sitrus-berry
lileep|14|sludge-bomb,giga-drain,recover,ancient-power|suction-cups|sitrus-berry
anorith|14|aerial-ace,brick-break,x-scissor,rock-slide|battle-armor|lum-berry
relicanth|14|rock-throw,secret-power,yawn,water-pulse|rock-head|sitrus-berry
shuckle|14|toxic,curse,rollout,sunny-day|shell-armor|sitrus-berry
lunatone|15|hypnosis,moonlight,confusion,rock-slide|levitate|lum-berry

--2|Brawly|fighting|/leaders/rs-brawly
hitmontop|17|fake-out,mach-punch,rock-slide,secret-power|intimidate|lum-berry
hitmonlee|17|sleep-talk,rolling-kick,rock-slide,secret-power|limber|sitrus-berry
hitmonchan|17|shadow-punch,mach-punch,rock-slide,facade|guts|chesto-berry
meditite|19|brick-break,shadow-ball,rock-slide,fake-out|pure-power|lum-berry
poliwrath|17|hypnosis,surf,ice-punch,brick-break|swift-swim|lum-berry
hariyama|19|force-palm,shadow-punch,rock-slide,fake-out|thick-fat|lum-berry

--3|Wattson|electric|/leaders/rs-wattson
jolteon|28|thunder-wave,thunderbolt,hp-grass,bite|static|lum-berry
lanturn|28|thunder-wave,thunderbolt,ice-beam,surf|volt-absorb|leftovers
ampharos|29|thunder-wave,thunderbolt,hp-grass,fire-punch|static|leftovers
raichu|28|thunder-wave,thunderbolt,body-slam,body-slam|static|lum-berry
electabuzz|28|psychic,thunderbolt,ice-punch,fire-punch|static|lum-berry
manectric|29|thunder-wave,thunderbolt,crunch,flamethrower|intimidate|lum-berry

--4|Flannery|fire|/leaders/rs-flannery
ninetales|41|hp-electric,overheat,solar-beam,hypnosis|pressure|lum-berry
charizard|42|heat-wave,earthquake,solar-beam,dragon-claw|blaze|lum-berry
blaziken|42|blaze-kick,sky-uppercut,solar-beam,thunder-punch|blaze|lum-berry
arcanine|41|wild-charge,heat-wave,solar-beam,extreme-speed|intimidate|leftovers
typhlosion|42|heat-wave,earthquake,solar-beam,wild-charge|blaze|lum-berry
castform|42|flamethrower,ice-beam,solar-beam,thunderbolt|forecast|lum-berry

--5|Norman|normal|/leaders/rs-norman
slaking|48|hyper-beam,crush-claw,shadow-ball,superpower|truant|lum-berry
espeon|48|psychic,light-screen,skill-swap,sing|synchronize|lum-berry
kangaskhan|48|fake-out,crush-claw,shadow-ball,superpower|early-bird|lum-berry
swellow|48|double-edge,sky-attack,steel-wing,hp-ground|guts|lum-berry
tauros|48|body-slam,iron-tail,quick-attack,earth-power|intimidate|lum-berry
snorlax|48|curse,snore,rest,stockpile|guts|leftovers

--6|Winona|flying|/leaders/rs-winona
aerodactyl|54|hp-flying,ancient-power,double-edge,earthquake|rock-head|lum-berry
zapdos|55|sky-attack,thunderbolt,hp-ice,return|pressure|lum-berry
crobat|54|sky-attack,poison-fang,giga-drain,hp-ground|inner-focus|lum-berry
articuno|55|sky-attack,ice-beam,hp-grass,ice-shard|pressure|lum-berry
flygon|55|dragon-claw,flamethrower,earthquake,giga-drain|levitate|lum-berry
moltres|55|sky-attack,overheat,hp-grass,steel-wing|pressure|lum-berry

--7|Tate & Liza|psychic|/leaders/rs-tate-liza
latias|70|dragon-claw,mist-ball,hp-fire,waterfall|levitate|lum-berry
latios|70|dragon-claw,luster-purge,hp-fire,thunderbolt|levitate|lum-berry
gardevoir|70|psychic,fire-punch,hp-grass,thunderbolt|synchronize|lum-berry
medicham|70|fake-out,brick-break,hp-psychic,shadow-ball|pure-power|lum-berry
starmie|70|psychic,hydro-pump,hydro-pump,thunderbolt|natural-cure|lum-berry
jirachi|70|meteor-mash,signal-beam,fire-punch,ancient-power|serene-grace|lum-berry

--8a|Wallace|water|/leaders/rs-wallace
kingdra|76|octazooka,ice-beam,draco-meteor,hp-ground|swift-swim|lum-berry
castform|76|thunder,ice-beam,weather-ball,hp-grass|forecast|lum-berry
ludicolo|76|surf,ice-beam,grass-whistle,giga-drain|swift-swim|lum-berry
swampert|77|yawn,earthquake,ancient-power,muddy-water|swift-swim|lum-berry
lapras|76|thunder,ice-beam,surf,hp-bug|shell-armor|lum-berry
milotic|77|hypnosis,ice-beam,surf,recover|swift-swim|lum-berry

--8b|Juan|water|/leaders/rs-juan
kingdra|77|octazooka,ice-beam,draco-meteor,hp-ground|swift-swim|lum-berry
lapras|76|hydro-pump,ice-beam,thunder,hp-grass|shell-armor|lum-berry
castform|76|weather-ball,ice-beam,thunder,hp-grass|forecast|lum-berry
lanturn|77|hydro-pump,ice-beam,thunder,hp-grass|volt-absorb|lum-berry
ludicolo|76|hydro-pump,ice-beam,thunder-punch,giga-drain|swift-swim|lum-berry
vaporeon|77|hydro-pump,ice-beam,sing,hp-grass|swift-swim|lum-berry

--e1|Sidney|dark|/leaders/rs-sidney
sableye|100|shadow-sneak,shadow-ball,brick-break,hp-rock|pressure|lum-berry
jolteon|100|thunderbolt,bite,hp-grass,signal-beam|static|lum-berry
tauros|100|double-edge,earthquake,hp-ghost,quick-attack|intimidate|lum-berry
alakazam|100|psychic,fire-punch,hp-water,thunder-punch|synchronize|lum-berry
machamp|100|superpower,earthquake,hp-ghost,rock-slide|guts|chesto-berry
houndoom|100|heat-wave,crunch,hp-grass,pursuit|intimidate|lum-berry

--e2|Phoebe|ghost|/leaders/rs-phoebe
gengar|100|hypnosis,destiny-bond,thunderbolt,ice-punch|levitate|lum-berry
ludicolo|100|grass-whistle,giga-drain,ice-beam,surf|swift-swim|lum-berry
crobat|100|hypnosis,air-slash,heat-wave,hp-ground|inner-focus|leftovers
gardevoir|100|thunder-wave,psychic,thunderbolt,fire-punch|synchronize|lum-berry
sableye|100|double-team,recover,shadow-ball,brick-break|pressure|lum-berry
dusclops|100|double-team,rest,shadow-ball,brick-break|pressure|lum-berry

--e3|Glacia|ice|/leaders/rs-glacia
glalie|100|weather-ball,ice-beam,spikes,explosion|intimidate|lum-berry
wailord|100|hyper-voice,water-spout,amnesia,self-destruct|pressure|lum-berry
regice|100|counter,ice-beam,thunder,explosion|clear-body|lum-berry
dewgong|100|drill-run,ice-beam,hp-grass,surf|swift-swim|lum-berry
swampert|100|yawn,ancient-power,muddy-water,earthquake|swift-swim|lum-berry
lapras|100|ice-shard,ice-beam,thunder,hydro-pump|shell-armor|lum-berry

--e4|Drake|dragon|/leaders/rs-drake
latios|100|draco-meteor,luster-purge,hp-fire,recover|levitate|soul-dew
tyranitar|100|dragon-dance,ancient-power,earthquake,hp-bug|intimidate|lum-berry
salamence|100|draco-meteor,air-slash,earthquake,flamethrower|intimidate|lum-berry
kingdra|100|draco-meteor,octazooka,ice-beam,hp-fighting|swift-swim|lum-berry
dragonite|100|dragon-dance,extreme-speed,earthquake,rock-slide|thick-fat|lum-berry
latias|100|calm-mind,dragon-claw,recover,hp-fire|levitate|soul-dew

--c|Steven|rock|/leaders/rs-steven
metagross|100|agility,meteor-mash,earthquake,explosion|clear-body|lum-berry
starmie|100|psychic,hydro-pump,thunderbolt,ice-beam|natural-cure|lum-berry
jirachi|100|meteor-mash,extrasensory,thunderbolt,fire-punch|serene-grace|lum-berry
mewtwo|100|psychic,shadow-ball,brick-break,flamethrower|pressure|lum-berry
aerodactyl|100|sky-attack,ancient-power,earthquake,flamethrower|rock-head|lum-berry
deoxys-attack|100|psycho-boost,superpower,shadow-ball,fire-punch|pressure|lum-berry
