# https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-gGcubJ3sHN0l_bhKcIHTgXN3hueFr8iVY93D67MiuM/edit#gid=0
# https://gist.github.com/luckytyphlosion/346efcbdf84586bc57d8b998b9cba6b7

# Evil team
--ev1|Admin Archer||/leaders/gs-archer
impidimp|18|fake-out,bite,thunder-wave,draining-kiss|prankster|oran-berry
houndour|19|snarl,incinerate,hidden-power-grass,thunder-fang|flash-fire|wise-glasses
mightyena|21|bite,ice-fang,howl,poison-fang|strong-jaw|berry-juice

--ev2|Giovanni||/leaders/frlg-giovanni#Game corner
nidoking|45|earth-power,ice-beam,sludge-bomb,thunderbolt|sheer-force|expert-belt
honchkrow|45|drill-peck,sucker-punch,night-slash,heat-wave|super-luck|scope-lens
infernape|45|swords-dance,pyro-ball,thunder-punch,close-combat|iron-fist|focus-sash
rotom|46|pain-split,will-o-wisp,shadow-ball,volt-switch|levitate|eviolite
kangaskhan|46|power-up-punch,body-slam,crunch,fake-out|parental-bond|kangaskhanite

--ev3|Archer & Ariana||/leaders/gs-archer
gothitelle|54|psychic,shadow-ball,hidden-power-fighting,thunder-wave|competitive|colbur-berry
aegislash-blade|55|iron-head,shadow-claw,shadow-sneak,kings-shield|stance-change|leftovers
mawile|55|play-rough,sucker-punch,iron-head,thunder-punch|huge-power|mawilite
houndoom|55|heat-wave,dark-pulse,scorching-sands,sucker-punch|dark-aura|houndoominite
incineroar|54|fake-out,parting-shot,darkest-lariat,fire-punch|intimidate|sitrus-berry
primarina|55|hyper-voice,scald,psychic,dazzling-gleam|liquid-voice|throat-spray

--ev4|Admin Archer||/leaders/gs-archer#Cerulean Cave
mamoswine|77|earthquake,ice-shard,endeavor,icicle-crash|thick-fat|focus-sash
durant|78|hone-claws,iron-head,x-scissor,superpower|hustle|life-orb
mimikyu-disguised|79|play-rough,swords-dance,shadow-claw,shadow-sneak|disguise|lum-berry
houndoom|79|fiery-wrath,flamethrower,sucker-punch,sludge-bomb|dark-aura|houndoominite

--ev5|Admin Ariana||/leaders/gs-ariana#Cerulean CAve
hatterene|77|trick-room,psychic,dazzling-gleam,mystical-fire|magic-bounce|sitrus-berry
rhyperior|78|earthquake,rock-blast,ice-punch,heat-crash|solid-rock|weakness-policy
honchkrow|78|sucker-punch,night-slash,drill-peck,superpower|super-luck|scope-lens
mawile|79|sucker-punch,iron-head,play-rough,swords-dance|huge-power|mawilite

--ev6|Giovanni||/leaders/frlg-giovanni#Cerulean Cave
tapu-lele|80|moonblast,psychic,thunderbolt,focus-blast|psychic-surge|terrain-extender
scrafty|80|roar,knock-off,drain-punch,ice-punch|intimidate|psychic-seed
tyranitar|80|crunch,rock-slide,high-horsepower,fire-punch|sand-stream|assault-vest
excadrill|80|high-horsepower,iron-head,rock-slide,swords-dance|sand-rush|focus-sash
celesteela|80|autotomize,meteor-beam,flamethrower,air-slash|beast-boost|power-herb
mewtwo|80|expanding-force,soul-robbery,aura-sphere,flamethrower|insomnia|mewtwonite-y

# Rival fights
--r1|Gary||/leaders/frlg-blue-1#Palette town
squirtle|5|tackle,tail-whip|torrent||fire
bulbasaur|5|tackle,growl|overgrow||water
charmander|5|scratch,growl|blaze||grass

--r2|Gary||/leaders/frlg-blue-1#Route 1
starly|9|tackle,growl,quick-attack,wing-attack|frisk||
squirtle|9|tackle,tail-whip,bubble|torrent||fire
bulbasaur|9|tackle,growl,leech-seed,magical-leaf|overgrow||water
charmander|9|scratch,growl,ember,brick-break|blaze||grass

--r3|Gary||/leaders/frlg-blue-2#Cerulean
kirlia|18|confusion,disarming-voice,magical-leaf|synchronize|
staravia|19|wing-attack,quick-attack|intimidate|
rockruff|20|rock-tomb,bite,howl|vital-spirit|
wartortle|21|water-pulse,bite|torrent|sitrus-berry|fire
ivysaur|21|bullet-seed,leech-seed,sleep-powder,take-down|overgrow|sitrus-berry|water
charmeleon|21|scratch,ember|blaze|sitrus-berry|grass

--r4|Gary||/leaders/frlg-blue-2#Silph co
staraptor|54|brave-bird,quick-attack,close-combat,u-turn|intimidate|sharp-beak
electivire|55|volt-switch,mach-punch,close-combat,ice-punch|iron-fist|expert-belt
darmanitan-standard|55|flare-blitz,rock-slide,u-turn,earthquake|sheer-force|charcoal|fire
jumpluff|55|sleep-powder,double-edge,seed-bomb,swords-dance|aerilate|sharp-beak|fire
darmanitan-standard|55|flare-blitz,rock-slide,earthquake,u-turn|sheer-force|charcoal|water
azumarill|55|liquidation,aqua-jet,play-rough,ice-punch|huge-power|sitrus-berry|water
jumpluff|55|sleep-powder,swords-dance,double-edge,seed-bomb|aerilate|sharp-beak|grass
azumarill|55|play-rough,liquidation,aqua-jet,ice-punch|huge-power|mystic-water|grass

blastoise|55|shell-smash,water-pulse,aura-sphere,ice-beam|torrent|blastoisinite|fire
venusaur|55|sleep-powder,giga-drain,sludge-bomb,earth-power|overgrow|venusaurite|water
charizard|55|flamethrower,solar-beam,air-slash,dragon-pulse|blaze|charizardite-y|grass

--r5|Gary||/leaders/frlg-blue-2#Route 22
staraptor|80|u-turn,double-edge,brave-bird,close-combat|intimidate|choice-band
electivire|80|plasma-fists,close-combat,mach-punch,ice-punch|iron-fist|expert-belt

darmanitan-standard|81|flare-blitz,u-turn,rock-slide,earthquake|sheer-force|life-orb|fire
hatterene|81|psychic,mystical-fire,draining-kiss,calm-mind|magic-bounce|leftovers|fire

azumarill|81|aqua-jet,ice-punch,play-rough,liquidation|huge-power|mystic-water|water
darmanitan-standard|81|flare-blitz,earthquake,u-turn,rock-slide|sheer-force|life-orb|water

barbaracle|81|shell-smash,liquidation,stone-edge,earthquake|tough-claws|white-herb|grass
hatterene|81|calm-mind,draining-kiss,psychic,mystical-fire|magic-bounce|leftovers|grass

kartana|81|leaf-blade,smart-strike,sacred-sword,x-scissor|beast-boost|choice-scarf
blastoise|81|shell-smash,aura-sphere,ice-beam,water-pulse|torrent|blastoisinite|fire
venusaur|81|giga-drain,sludge-bomb,sleep-powder,earth-power|overgrow|venusaurite|water
charizard|81|dragon-dance,earthquake,flare-blitz,dragon-claw|blaze|charizardite-x|grass

--m1|May||/leaders/rs-may-oras@Hyo@https://www.deviantart.com/hyo-oppa#Cinnibar Island
solrock|71|stealth-rock,photon-geyser,explosion,earthquake|levitate|focus-sash
breloom|71|spore,substitute,focus-punch,rock-slide|poison-heal|toxic-orb
manectric|72|volt-switch,thunderbolt,overheat,switcheroo|lightning-rod|choice-specs
relicanth|72|waterfall,head-smash,earthquake,zen-headbutt|rock-head|choice-band
flygon|72|earthquake,draco-meteor,fire-blast,outrage|tinted-lens|life-orb
blaziken|73|swords-dance,close-combat,flare-blitz,rock-slide|speed-boost|blazikenite

--b1|Brendan||/leaders/rs-brendan#Viridian Forest
corphish|7|vice-grip,bubble,harden|battle-armor|
treecko|8|pound,leer,absorb|overgrow|

--b2|Brendan||/leaders/rs-brendan#Diglett Cave
loudred|-2|hyper-voice,brick-break,ice-beam,shadow-ball|punk-rock|chople-berry
lunatone|-2|psyshock,power-gem,hypnosis,calm-mind|levitate|colbur-berry
crawdaunt|-2|aqua-jet,waterfall,knock-off,x-scissor|adaptability|focus-sash
grovyle|-2|power-up-punch,aerial-ace,leaf-blade,rock-tomb|overgrow|sitrus-berry

--b3|Brendan||/leaders/rs-brendan#Safari Zone
metagross|-2|stealth-rock,meteor-mash,explosion,earthquake|clear-body|air-balloon
medicham|-2|psycho-cut,close-combat,thunder-punch,ice-punch|huge-power|choice-scarf
crawdaunt|-2|aqua-jet,liquidation,crunch,superpower|adaptability|choice-band
exploud|-2|boomburst,surf,flamethrower,shadow-ball|punk-rock|silk-scarf
gardevoir|-2|focus-blast,moonblast,psychic,thunderbolt|trace|pixie-plate
sceptile|-2|swords-dance,bullet-seed,dual-chop,earthquake|overgrow|sceptilite

--b4|Brendan||/leaders/rs-brendan#Indigo plateau
deoxys-attack|81|psychic,ice-beam,superpower,extreme-speed|pressure|focus-sash
jirachi|81|iron-head,u-turn,thunder-punch,zen-headbutt|serene-grace|choice-scarf
landorus-incarnate|82|earth-power,rock-slide,sludge-wave,aura-sphere|sand-force|life-orb
zapdos-galar|81|brave-bird,close-combat,u-turn,blaze-kick|defiant|choice-band
huntail|81|shell-smash,liquidation,crunch,ice-fang|intimidate|white-herb
sceptile|82|swords-dance,scale-shot,bullet-seed,earthquake|overgrow|sceptilite

# Johto leaders
--mb1|Falkner|flying|/leaders/gs-falkner#Pre brock
rufflet|13|aerial-ace,slash,rock-smash,roost|hustle|berry-juice
emolga|13|shock-wave,air-cutter,sleep-talk,roost|lightning-rod|berry-juice
corvisquire|14|pluck,roost,rock-smash,hone-claws|unnerve|berry-juice

--mb2|Bugsy|bug|/leaders/gs-bugsy#Pre misty
ariados|-2|shadow-sneak,fell-stinger,bug-bite,poison-fang|swarm|poison-barb
ledian|-2|drain-punch,ice-punch,mach-punch,u-turn|iron-fist|focus-sash
scyther|-2|bug-bite,aerial-ace,brick-break,swords-dance|technician|charti-berry
scizor|-2|bullet-punch,u-turn,aerial-ace,roost|technician|sitrus-berry

--mb3|Whitney|normal|/leaders/gs-whitney#Route 11
wigglytuff|-2|drain-punch,fire-punch,lovely-kiss,play-rough|sheer-force|sitrus-berry
vigoroth|-2|bulk-up,slack-off,body-slam,knock-off|vital-spirit|eviolite
miltank|-2|body-slam,body-press,stomping-tantrum,milk-drink|thick-fat|leftovers
indeedee-female|-2|psyshock,hyper-voice,mystical-fire,draining-kiss|psychic-surge|twisted-spoon
drampa|-2|dragon-breath,roost,flamethrower,thunderbolt|sap-sipper|leftovers

--mb4|Morty|ghost|/leaders/gs-morty
mimikyu-disguised|-2|play-rough,shadow-claw,shadow-sneak,swords-dance|disguise|lum-berry
drifblim|-2|charge-beam,shadow-ball,strength-sap,air-slash|flare-boost|flame-orb
chandelure|-2|charge-beam,flamethrower,shadow-ball,energy-ball|flash-fire|charcoal
gengar|-2|shadow-ball,sludge-bomb,nasty-plot,giga-drain|shadow-tag|gengarite
weavile|-2|triple-axel,knock-off,ice-shard,swords-dance|infiltrator|focus-sash

--mb5|Chuck|fighting|/leaders/gs-chuck# Saffron City Dojo
hitmontop|-2|triple-kick,triple-axel,brutal-swing,fake-out|technician|focus-sash
poliwrath|-2|surging-strikes,drain-punch,ice-punch,earthquake|water-absorb|mystic-water
breloom|-2|spore,substitute,rock-slide,focus-punch|poison-heal|toxic-orb
lucario|-2|swords-dance,extreme-speed,close-combat,meteor-mash|steadfast|shuca-berry
gallade|-2|drain-punch,psycho-cut,bulk-up,shadow-sneak|blademaster|galladite

--mb6a|Pryce (Team A)|ice|/leaders/gs-pryce
ninetales-alola|-2|aurora-veil,freeze-dry,blizzard,moonblast|snow-warning|icy-rock
sandslash-alola|-2|earthquake,icicle-crash,iron-head,ice-shard|ice-scales|assault-vest
beartic|-2|play-rough,triple-axel,superpower,swords-dance|slush-rush|focus-sash
arctozolt|-2|bolt-beak,icicle-crash,stomping-tantrum,rock-slide|slush-rush|choice-band
frosmoth|-2|quiver-dance,ice-beam,bug-buzz,giga-drain|ice-scales|leftovers
glalie|-2|double-edge,earthquake,crunch,ice-shard|refrigerate|glalitite

--mb6b|Pryce (Team B)|ice|/leaders/gs-pryce
jynx|-2|lovely-kiss,freeze-dry,psystrike,substitute|dry-skin|focus-sash
mr-rime|-2|freeze-dry,psychic,ice-beam,focus-blast|screen-cleaner|choice-specs
mamoswine|-2|earthquake,ice-shard,icicle-crash,knock-off|thick-fat|life-orb
walrein|-2|rest,sleep-talk,surf,toxic|fur-coat|leftovers
arctovish|-2|fishious-rend,psychic-fangs,icicle-crash,icicle-spear|water-absorb|choice-scarf
glalie|-2|double-edge,earthquake,ice-shard,crunch|refrigerate|glalitite

--mb6c|Prye (Team C)|ice|/leaders/gs-pryce
vanilluxe|-2|blizzard,freeze-dry,ice-shard,flash-cannon|snow-warning|light-clay
weavile|-2|triple-axel,knock-off,low-kick,ice-shard|pressure|choice-band
dewgong|-2|rest,sleep-talk,surf,toxic|ice-scales|leftovers
arctovish|-2|fishious-rend,icicle-crash,psychic-fangs,icicle-spear|slush-rush|choice-band
crabominable|-2|mach-punch,ice-shard,drain-punch,ice-hammer|iron-fist|assault-vest
glalie|-2|double-edge,earthquake,ice-shard,crunch|refrigerate|glalitite

--mb7a|Jasmine (Team A)|steel|/leaders/gs-jasmine
forretress|-2|stealth-rock,explosion,spikes,volt-switch|sturdy|leftovers
melmetal|-2|superpower,double-iron-bash,earthquake,thunder-punch|clear-body|choice-band
metagross|-2|meteor-mash,earthquake,zen-headbutt,bullet-punch|clear-body|air-balloon
magnezone|-2|volt-switch,thunderbolt,flash-cannon,body-press|magnet-pull|magnet
lucario|-2|swords-dance,extreme-speed,close-combat,meteor-mash|inner-focus|life-orb
aggron|-2|dragon-claw,heavy-slam,earthquake,fire-punch|filter|aggronite

--mb7b|Jasmine (Team B)|steel|/leaders/gs-jasmine
bronzong|-2|iron-head,earthquake,stealth-rock,explosion|levitate|leftovers
melmetal|-2|double-iron-bash,earthquake,thunder-punch,superpower|clear-body|choice-band
excadrill|-2|earthquake,rock-slide,iron-head,swords-dance|sand-force|air-balloon
magnezone|-2|thunderbolt,volt-switch,flash-cannon,body-press|magnet-pull|magnet
scizor|-2|u-turn,dual-wingbeat,bullet-punch,superpower|technician|choice-band
aggron|-2|heavy-slam,fire-punch,earthquake,dragon-claw|filter|aggronite

--mb7c|Jasmine (Team C)|steel|/leaders/gs-jasmine
steelix|-2|stealth-rock,iron-head,earthquake,roar|sturdy|chople-berry
melmetal|-2|double-iron-bash,earthquake,superpower,thunder-punch|clear-body|choice-band
duraludon|-2|draco-meteor,flash-cannon,thunderbolt,dragon-pulse|light-metal|assault-vest
durant|-2|iron-head,superpower,x-scissor,hone-claws|hustle|life-orb
aegislash-blade|-2|shadow-ball,shadow-sneak,close-combat,kings-shield|stance-change|leftovers
aggron|-2|heavy-slam,earthquake,fire-punch,dragon-claw|filter|aggronite

# -- Done with swapping ability and item

# Gym leaders
--1|Brock|rock|/leaders/frlg-brock
geodude-alola|14|spark,rock-tomb,self-destruct,bulldoze|sturdy|custap-berry
vulpix|14|incinerate,ominous-wind,hidden-power-grass,sleep-talk|flash-fire|oran-berry
onix|15|rock-tomb,bulldoze,sleep-talk|sturdy|berry-juice
archen|14|pluck,rock-tomb,bulldoze,roost|defeatist|berry-juice

--2|Misty|water|/leaders/frlg-misty
frogadier|26|ice-punch,rock-tomb,flip-turn,grass-knot|protean|eviolite
floatzel|26|water-pulse,flip-turn,icy-wind,hidden-power-grass|technician|mystic-water
starmie|27|scald,recover,psyshock,icy-wind|natural-cure|sitrus-berry
lanturn|27|parabolic-charge,scald,icy-wind,hidden-power-dark|volt-absorb|iapapa-berry

--3|Lt. Surge|electric|/leaders/frlg-surge
pincurchin|32|volt-switch,scald,discharge,hidden-power-grass|electric-surge|electric-seed
raichu-alola|33|psyshock,volt-switch,nasty-plot,grass-knot|surge-surfer|twisted-spoon
vikavolt|33|volt-switch,bug-buzz,energy-ball,roost|levitate|occa-berry
boltund|34|thunder-fang,fire-fang,ice-fang,psychic-fangs|strong-jaw|expert-belt
manectric|34|charge-beam,flame-burst,volt-switch,hidden-power-grass|intimidate|manectite

--4|Erika|grass|/leaders/frlg-erika
rillaboom|43|u-turn,high-horsepower,drain-punch,grassy-glide|grassy-surge|terrain-extender
serperior|43|leaf-storm,giga-drain,dragon-pulse,hidden-power-fire|contrary|focus-sash
meganium|43|giga-drain,dazzling-gleam,ancient-power,hidden-power-fire|triage|grassy-seed
venusaur|44|giga-drain,sludge-bomb,sleep-powder,earth-power|chlorophyll|venusaurite
sudowoodo|44|head-smash,wood-hammer,sucker-punch,fire-punch|rock-head|assault-vest

--5|Sabrina|psychic|/leaders/frlg-sabrina
hatterene|57|trick-room,expanding-force,draining-kiss,mystical-fire|magic-bounce|psychic-seed
indeedee-female|57|expanding-force,hyper-voice,mystical-fire,shadow-ball|psychic-surge|terrain-extender
crawdaunt|57|crunch,liquidation,aqua-jet,brick-break|adaptability|focus-sash
porygon2|57|trick-room,teleport,ice-beam,thunderbolt|trace|eviolite
conkeldurr|58|drain-punch,mach-punch,fire-punch,knock-off|iron-fist|assault-vest
gardevoir|58|hyper-voice,expanding-force,shadow-ball,thunderbolt|synchronize|gardevoirite

--6|Koga|poison|/leaders/frlg-koga
swellow|67|boomburst,u-turn|aerilate|choice-specs
accelgor|68|bug-buzz,u-turn,focus-blast,sludge-bomb|sheer-force|life-orb
greninja|68|surf,water-shuriken,dark-pulse,ice-beam|battle-bond|life-orb
drapion|68|wicked-blow,cross-poison|sniper|choice-scarf
dragapult|68|shadow-ball,flamethrower,dragon-pulse,u-turn|infiltrator|life-orb
toxtricity-amped|68|volt-switch,boomburst,sludge-bomb,overdrive|punk-rock|toxtricitite

--7|Blaine|fire|/leaders/frlg-blaine
torkoal|75|stealth-rock,explosion,lava-plume,earth-power|drought|heat-rock
cinderace|75|pyro-ball,sucker-punch,high-jump-kick,zen-headbutt|protean|life-orb
venusaur|76|growth,giga-drain,sludge-bomb,weather-ball|chlorophyll|focus-sash
typhlosion|76|eruption,flamethrower,hidden-power-ice,focus-blast|blazing-soul|heavy-duty-boots
sunflora|76|seed-flare,flamethrower,earth-power,sunny-day|chlorophyll|life-orb
charizard|76|flamethrower,air-slash,solar-beam,dragon-pulse|blaze|charizardite-y

--8|Clair|dragon|/leaders/gs-clair
aerodactyl|80|stealth-rock,stone-edge,earthquake,taunt|rock-head|focus-sash
dracovish|80|fishious-rend,psychic-fangs,outrage,crunch|strong-jaw|choice-scarf
dragonite|80|extreme-speed,dragon-dance,fire-punch,dual-wingbeat|multiscale|weakness-policy
magearna|81|shift-gear,fleur-cannon,flash-cannon,aura-sphere|soul-heart|leftovers
naganadel|81|nasty-plot,sludge-wave,draco-meteor,flamethrower|beast-boost|life-orb
duraludon|81|draco-meteor,steel-beam,thunderbolt,dark-pulse|light-metal|duraludite

# Elite four

--e1a|Lorelei (Team A)|ice|/leaders/frlg-lorelei
ninetales-alola|84|blizzard,aurora-veil,freeze-dry,hail|snow-warning|light-clay
glaceon|84|blizzard,earth-power,freeze-dry,hidden-power-fire|slush-rush|choice-specs
rotom|85|volt-switch,hydro-pump,hail,thunder-wave|levitate|wiki-berry
azumarill|85|aqua-jet,liquidation,play-rough,knock-off|huge-power|assault-vest
calyrex-ice-rider|85|glacial-lance,high-horsepower,zen-headbutt,seed-bomb|as-one-glastrier|choice-band
abomasnow|85|blizzard,focus-blast,hidden-power-fire,energy-ball|snow-warning|abomasite

--e1b|Lorelei (Team B)|ice|/leaders/frlg-lorelei
politoed|84|scald,rain-dance,haze,flip-turn|drizzle|damp-rock
poliwrath|84|flip-turn,close-combat,ice-punch,surging-strikes|water-absorb|focus-sash
swampert|85|power-up-punch,earthquake,ice-punch,liquidation|torrent|swampertite
kingdra|85|muddy-water,dragon-pulse,ice-beam,hurricane|swift-swim|life-orb
kyogre|85|water-spout,origin-pulse,thunder,ice-beam|drizzle|blue-orb
dracovish|85|fishious-rend,outrage,psychic-fangs,crunch|strong-jaw|choice-scarf

--e2a|Bruno (Team A)|fighting|/leaders/frlg-bruno
infernape|84|taunt,pyro-ball,stealth-rock,close-combat|blaze|focus-sash
conkeldurr|85|drain-punch,mach-punch,knock-off,ice-punch|iron-fist|assault-vest
urshifu-single-strike|85|u-turn,close-combat,wicked-blow,poison-jab|unseen-fist|choice-scarf
kommo-o|85|clanging-scales,clangorous-soul,aura-sphere,flash-cannon|overcoat|throat-spray
zacian-crowned|85|swords-dance,behemoth-blade,close-combat,crunch|intrepid-sword|rusted-sword
lucario|85|bullet-punch,meteor-mash,close-combat,swords-dance|inner-focus|lucarionite

--e2b|Bruno (Team B)|fighting|/leaders/frlg-bruno
urshifu-rapid-strike|84|surging-strikes,close-combat,aqua-jet,u-turn|unseen-fist|focus-sash
scizor|85|bullet-punch,superpower,u-turn,swords-dance|technician|life-orb
terrakion|85|stone-edge,close-combat,earthquake,x-scissor|justified|choice-scarf
conkeldurr|85|drain-punch,ice-punch,mach-punch,knock-off|iron-fist|assault-vest
zacian-crowned|85|swords-dance,behemoth-bash,close-combat,crunch|intrepid-sword|rusted-sword
lucario|85|nasty-plot,aura-sphere,vacuum-wave,flash-cannon|inner-focus|lucarionite

--e3a|Agatha (Team A)|ghost|/leaders/frlg-agatha
zoroark|84|taunt,dark-pulse,flamethrower,sludge-bomb|illusion|focus-sash
spectrier|85|shadow-ball,hidden-power-fighting,dark-pulse,sleep-talk|grim-neigh|choice-scarf
aegislash-blade|85|shadow-ball,toxic,flash-cannon,kings-shield|stance-change|leftovers
silvally|85|multi-attack,flamethrower,thunder-wave,parting-shot|battle-armor|leftovers
marshadow|85|spectral-thief,close-combat,shadow-sneak,bulk-up|technician|focus-sash
gengar|85|shadow-ball,sludge-wave,nasty-plot,thunderbolt|levitate|gengarite

--e3b|Agatha (Team B)|ghost|/leaders/frlg-agatha
grimmsnarl|84|spirit-break,taunt,light-screen,reflect|prankster|light-clay
dragapult|85|dragon-dance,dragon-darts,steel-wing,phantom-force|cursed-body|life-orb
hydreigon|85|dark-pulse,thunder-wave,dragon-pulse,flamethrower|levitate|leftovers
spectrier|85|shadow-ball,dark-pulse,hidden-power-fighting,sleep-talk|grim-neigh|choice-scarf
marshadow|85|drain-punch,bulk-up,spectral-thief,shadow-sneak|technician|focus-sash
gengar|85|sludge-wave,shadow-ball,nasty-plot,thunderbolt|levitate|gengarite

--e4a|Lance (Team A)|dragon|/leaders/frlg-lance
garchomp|85|stealth-rock,earthquake,stone-edge,roar|rough-skin|focus-sash
dragonite|85|dragon-dance,extreme-speed,earthquake,dual-wingbeat|multiscale|lum-berry
dracozolt|85|bolt-beak,dragon-claw,earthquake,flamethrower|hustle|choice-scarf
melmetal|85|double-iron-bash,earthquake,thunder-punch,ice-punch|clear-body|assault-vest
dialga|85|roar-of-time,rest,sleep-talk,flamethrower|pressure|adamant-orb
salamence|85|dragon-dance,double-edge,fire-fang,earthquake|intimidate|salamencite

--e4b|Lance (Team B)|dragon|/leaders/frlg-lance
aerodactyl|85|stealth-rock,earthquake,taunt,stone-edge|rock-head|focus-sash
dracovish|85|fishious-rend,outrage,psychic-fangs,crunch|strong-jaw|choice-scarf
melmetal|85|double-iron-bash,earthquake,thunder-punch,ice-punch|clear-body|assault-vest
dragonite|85|extreme-speed,outrage,dual-wingbeat,earthquake|multiscale|choice-band
dialga|85|roar-of-time,flamethrower,rest,sleep-talk|pressure|adamant-orb
salamence|85|dragon-dance,double-edge,earthquake,fire-fang|intimidate|salamencite

--ec|Champion Gary||/leaders/frlg-blue-3
pheromosa|85|u-turn,close-combat,triple-axel,poison-jab|beast-boost|focus-sash
metagross|85|bullet-punch,zen-headbutt,fire-punch,meteor-mash|clear-body|metagrossite
groudon|85|fire-punch,precipice-blades,thunder-wave,stone-edge|drought|red-orb
yveltal|85|oblivion-wing,dark-hole,heat-wave,sucker-punch|dark-aura|assault-vest
eternatus|85|meteor-beam,sludge-bomb,flamethrower,dynamax-cannon|pressure|power-herb
darmanitan-standard-galar|85|u-turn,icicle-crash,flare-blitz,earthquake|gorilla-tactics|choice-scarf
