# Evil team
--rr-max|Maxie||/leaders/rs-maxie-oras@Hyo@https://www.deviantart.com/hyo-oppa
mightyena|64|crunch,fire-fang,thunder-fang,ice-fang|intimidate
crobat|64|air-slash,dark-pulse,toxic,sludge-bomb|inner-focus
weezing|64|sludge-bomb,thunderbolt,shadow-ball,pain-split|levitate
camerupt|64|earthquake,stone-edge,flamethrower,flash-cannon|magma-armor
groudon|66|earthquake,flamethrower,ancient-power,solar-beam|drought

--rr-arch|Archie||/leaders/rs-archie-oras@Hyo@https://www.deviantart.com/hyo-oppa
mightyena|64|crunch,fire-fang,thunder-fang,ice-fang|intimidate
crobat|64|air-slash,dark-pulse,toxic,sludge-bomb|inner-focus
muk|64|gunk-shot,fire-punch,thunder-punch,ice-punch|poison-touch
sharpedo|64|night-slash,liquidation,ice-fang,poison-fang|rough-skin
kyogre|66|hydro-pump,ice-beam,ancient-power,thunder|drizzle

--rr-ca|Cyrus||/leaders/dp-cyrus
houndoom|65|fire-blast,dark-pulse,sludge-bomb,shadow-ball|early-bird
honchkrow|65|night-slash,sky-attack,heat-wave,icy-wind|insomnia
crobat|65|cross-poison,zen-headbutt,x-scissor,super-fang|inner-focus
weavile|65|night-slash,quick-attack,ice-punch,brick-break|pressure
dialga|67|roar-of-time,flash-cannon,earth-power,thunderbolt|pressure

--rr-cb|Cyrus||/leaders/dp-cyrus
houndoom|65|fire-blast,dark-pulse,sludge-bomb,shadow-ball|early-bird
honchkrow|65|night-slash,sky-attack,heat-wave,icy-wind|insomnia
crobat|65|cross-poison,zen-headbutt,x-scissor,super-fang|inner-focus
weavile|65|night-slash,quick-attack,ice-punch,brick-break|pressure
palkia|67|spacial-rend,surf,earth-power,thunderbolt|pressure

--rr-gha|Ghetsis||/leaders/blwh-ghetsis
cofagrigus|66|will-o-wisp,shadow-ball,power-split,dark-pulse|mummy
bouffalant|66|head-charge,poison-jab,earthquake,megahorn|reckless
bisharp|66|iron-head,night-slash,stone-edge,x-scissor|defiant
hydreigon|66|dragon-pulse,hyper-voice,dark-pulse,surf|levitate
zekrom|68|bolt-strike,hyper-voice,dragon-claw,zen-headbutt|teravolt

--rr-ghb|Ghetsis||/leaders/blwh-ghetsis
cofagrigus|66|will-o-wisp,shadow-ball,power-split,dark-pulse|mummy
bouffalant|66|head-charge,poison-jab,earthquake,megahorn|reckless
bisharp|66|iron-head,night-slash,stone-edge,x-scissor|defiant
hydreigon|66|dragon-pulse,hyper-voice,dark-pulse,surf|levitate
reshiram|68|blue-flare,hyper-voice,dragon-claw,zen-headbutt|turboblaze

--rr-la|Lysandre||/leaders/xy-lysandre@Sugar and Spice@https://chipsncookies.tumblr.com/
mienshao|65|fake-out,dual-chop,high-jump-kick,u-turn|inner-focus
honchkrow|65|dark-pulse,heat-wave,psychic,shadow-ball|insomnia
pyroar|65|flamethrower,will-o-wisp,hyper-voice,snarl|rivalry
gyarados|65|crunch,waterfall,earthquake,stone-edge|intimidate|gyaradosite
xerneas|67|geomancy,moonblast,thunderbolt,psyshock|fairy-aura

--rr-lb|Lysandre||/leaders/xy-lysandre@Sugar and Spice@https://chipsncookies.tumblr.com/
mienshao|65|fake-out,dual-chop,high-jump-kick,u-turn|inner-focus
honchkrow|65|dark-pulse,heat-wave,psychic,shadow-ball|insomnia
pyroar|65|flamethrower,will-o-wisp,hyper-voice,snarl|rivalry
gyarados|65|crunch,waterfall,earthquake,stone-edge|intimidate|gyaradosite
yveltal|67|oblivion-wing,air-slash,psychic,shadow-ball|dark-aura

--rr-ga|Giovanni||/leaders/sm-giovanni@Sugar and Spice@https://chipsncookies.tumblr.com/
dugtrio|68|sandstorm,earthquake,sucker-punch,stealth-rock|sand-veil|smooth-rock
nidoking|68|earthquake,poison-jab,throat-chop,aqua-tail|poison-point
nidoqueen|68|surf,sludge-wave,earth-power,flamethrower|poison-point
rhyperior|68|megahorn,earthquake,stone-edge,thunder-punch|lightning-rod
mewtwo|70|zen-headbutt,earthquake,stone-edge,drain-punch|pressure|mewtwonite-x

--rr-gb|Giovanni||/leaders/sm-giovanni@Sugar and Spice@https://chipsncookies.tumblr.com/
dugtrio|68|sandstorm,earthquake,sucker-punch,stealth-rock|sand-veil|smooth-rock
nidoking|68|earthquake,poison-jab,throat-chop,aqua-tail|poison-point
nidoqueen|68|surf,sludge-wave,earth-power,flamethrower|poison-point
rhyperior|68|megahorn,earthquake,stone-edge,thunder-punch|lightning-rod
mewtwo|70|psystrike,aura-sphere,psychic,ice-beam|pressure|mewtwonite-y

--f1|Faba||/leaders/sm-faba@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419
hypno|43|psychic,hypnosis,disable,nightmare|insomnia

--f2|Faba & Employee||/leaders/sm-faba@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419
claydol|44|earth-power,extrasensory,ancient-power,grass-knot|levitate
bruxish|44|aqua-jet,crunch,psychic-fangs,waterfall|strong-jaw
hypno|45|psychic,hypnosis,focus-blast,nightmare|insomnia
ledian|42|light-screen,reflect,air-slash,bug-buzz|swarm
pupitar|42|snarl|shed-skin

--f3|Faba & Employee||/leaders/sm-faba@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419
hypno|63|psychic,hypnosis,focus-blast,dream-eater|insomnia
claydol|63|earth-power,extrasensory,ancient-power,grass-knot|levitate
bruxish|63|aqua-jet,crunch,psychic-fangs,waterfall|strong-jaw
granbull|61|snarl|intimidate
scrafty|61|snarl|intimidate
shiinotic|61|spore,dazzling-gleam|effect-spore

--f4|Faba||/leaders/sm-faba@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419
claydol|63|earth-power,extrasensory,ancient-power,grass-knot|levitate
bruxish|63|aqua-jet,crunch,psychic-fangs,waterfall|strong-jaw
raichu-alola|63|psychic,quick-attack,nuzzle,thunderbolt|surge-surfer
alakazam|63|psychic,psyshock,disable,dazzling-gleam|synchronize
hypno|63|psychic,hypnosis,focus-blast,dream-eater|insomnia

--l|Lusamine||/leaders/sm-lusamine@Poffin Case@https://pokengine.org/trainers/Lusamine#aether paradise
clefable|47|moonblast,charm,psychic,hyper-voice|magic-guard
lilligant|47|stun-spore,petal-dance,teeter-dance|own-tempo
lopunny|47|dizzy-punch,thunder-punch,ice-punch,fire-punch|cute-charm
milotic|47|hydro-pump,icy-wind,flail,dragon-pulse|marvel-scale
bewear|47|zen-headbutt,drain-punch,take-down,dual-chop|fluffy

--p1|Plumeria|poison|/leaders/sm-plumeria@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419#Akala Outskirts
golbat|26|poison-fang,wing-attack,confuse-ray|inner-focus
salandit|27|flame-burst,dragon-rage,poison-gas|corrosion

--p2|Plumeria|poison|/leaders/sm-plumeria@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419#Route 15
golbat|37|wing-attack,poison-fang|inner-focus
salazzle|38|dragon-pulse,flamethrower,sludge-bomb|corrosion

--gz1|Guzma|bug|/leaders/sm-guzma@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419
golisopod|34|sucker-punch,razor-shell,first-impression|emergency-exit
masquerain|34|air-slash,bug-buzz,icy-wind|intimidate

--gz2|Guzma|bug|/leaders/sm-guzma@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419
golisopod|41|sucker-punch,razor-shell,first-impression|emergency-exit
masquerain|41|air-slash,bug-buzz,icy-wind|intimidate
pinsir|41|throat-chop,storm-throw,x-scissor|mold-breaker

--gz3|Guzma|bug|/leaders/sm-guzma@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419
golisopod|45|sucker-punch,razor-shell,first-impression|emergency-exit
masquerain|45|air-slash,bug-buzz,icy-wind|intimidate
pinsir|45|throat-chop,storm-throw,x-scissor,stone-edge|mold-breaker
vikavolt|45|flash-cannon,thunderbolt,bug-buzz,energy-ball|
# Rivals

--g1|Gladion||/leaders/sm-gladion@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419#Route 5
zorua|17|feint-attack,scratch|illusion
type-null|18|tackle,pursuit|battle-armor
zubat|17|bite,wing-attack|inner-focus

--g2|Gladion||/leaders/sm-gladion@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419
golbat|42|acrobatics,poison-fang,venoshock|inner-focus
zoroark|42|snarl,hyper-voice|illusion
type-null|43|pursuit,crush-claw,x-scissor|battle-armor

--g3|Gladion||/leaders/sm-gladion@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419
crobat|53|acrobatics,cross-poison|inner-focus
zoroark|53|snarl,hyper-voice|illusion|darkinium-z--held
silvally|55|crunch,crush-claw,x-scissor,multi-attack|rks-system|fire-memory|grass
silvally|55|crunch,crush-claw,x-scissor,multi-attack|rks-system|water-memory|fire
silvally|55|crunch,crush-claw,x-scissor,multi-attack|rks-system|grass-memory|water
lucario|53|aura-sphere,metal-claw,quick-attack|inner-focus

--r1|Hau||/leaders/sm-hau@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419
popplio|5|pound,water-gun,growl|torrent||grass
rowlet|5|tackle,leafage,growl|overgrow||fire
litten|5|scratch,ember,growl|blaze||water

--r2|Hau||/leaders/sm-hau@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419
pichu|6|thunder-shock,charm,tail-whip|static
popplio|7|pound,water-gun,growl|torrent||grass
rowlet|7|tackle,leafage,growl|overgrow||fire
litten|7|scratch,ember,growl|blaze||water

--r3|Hau||/leaders/sm-hau@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419#Route 3
popplio|13|water-gun,growl,disarming-voice,baby-doll-eyes|torrent|sitrus-berry|grass
rowlet|13|leafage,growl,peck,astonish|overgrow|sitrus-berry|fire
litten|13|ember,growl,lick,leer|blaze|sitrus-berry|water
noibat|11|supersonic,tackle,absorb,gust|infiltrator
pikachu|12|growl,play-nice,quick-attack,thunder-shock|static

--r4|Hau||/leaders/sm-hau@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419#Paniola town
brionne|16|aqua-jet,disarming-voice,pound|torrent|normalium-z--held|grass
dartrix|16|razor-leaf,peck,tackle|overgrow|normalium-z--held|fire
torracat|16|fire-fang,lick,scratch|blaze|normalium-z--held|water
pikachu|15|quick-attack,electro-ball|static
noibat|14|tackle,bite|infiltrator
eevee|14|baby-doll-eyes,quick-attack|adaptability

--r5|Hau||/leaders/sm-hau@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419#Malie City
brionne|30|bubble-beam,disarming-voice|torrent|waterium-z--held|grass
dartrix|30|razor-leaf,peck|overgrow|grassium-z--held|fire
torracat|30|fire-fang,bite|blaze|firium-z--held|water
flareon|28|fire-fang,quick-attack|flash-fire||grass
vaporeon|28|water-pulse,quick-attack|water-absorb||fire
leafeon|28|giga-drain,quick-attack|leaf-guard||water
noibat|28|wing-attack,bite|infiltrator
tauros|28|pursuit,horn-attack|intimidate
raichu-alola|29|electro-ball,quick-attack,psychic|surge-surfer

--ryuki|Ryuki|dragon|/leaders/sm-ryuki@Poffin Case@https://pokengine.org/trainers/Ryuki
turtonator|29|flamethrower,dragon-tail,iron-defense|shell-armor
gabite|29|dual-chop,take-down,sand-tomb|sand-veil
drampa|29|glare,echoed-voice,dragon-breath|berserk

--dsa|Dexio|psychic|/leaders/sm-dexio@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419#hea hea city
mime-jr|15|confusion,pound|filter
espeon|15|psybeam,quick-attack|synchronize

--dsb|Sina|ice|/leaders/sm-sina@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419#hea hea city
smoochum|15|powder-snow,pound|oblivious
glaceon|15|icy-wind,quick-attack|snow-cloak

--ultra1a|Dulse
furfrou|13|baby-doll-eyes,sand-attack,headbutt,growl|fur-coat
--ultra2a|Dulse
poipole|20|venoshock,acid,fury-attack,charm|beast-boost
--ultra3a|Dulse
poipole|47|nasty-plot,toxic,poison-jab,fell-stinger|beast-boost
--ultra4a|Dulse
poipole|49|nasty-plot,toxic,poison-jab,fell-stinger|beast-boost


--ultra1b|Soliera
furfrou|13|baby-doll-eyes,sand-attack,headbutt,growl|fur-coat
--ultra2b|Soliera
poipole|20|venoshock,acid,fury-attack,charm|beast-boost
--ultra3b|Soliera
poipole|47|nasty-plot,toxic,poison-jab,fell-stinger|beast-boost
--ultra4b|Soliera
poipole|49|nasty-plot,toxic,poison-jab,fell-stinger|beast-boost


# Gym leaders
--1|Ilima|normal|/leaders/sm-ilima@Drawnamu@https://www.deviantart.com/drawnamu
yungoos|10|tackle,pursuit,leer|strong-jaw
smeargle|11|ember,tackle|technician||grass
smeargle|11|water-gun,tackle|technician||fire
smeargle|11|leafage,tackle|technician||water

--1a|Ilima's Trial|normal|/leaders/sm-ilima@Drawnamu@https://www.deviantart.com/drawnamu
gumshoos|12|super-fang,bite,leer,scary-face|adaptability|pecha-berry|
yungoos|10|leer,tackle,pursuit,odor-sleuth|stakeout||

--1b|Ilima's Trial|normal|/leaders/sm-ilima@Drawnamu@https://www.deviantart.com/drawnamu
raticate-alola|12|super-fang,bite,fury-swipes,scary-face|gluttony|pecha-berry|
rattata-alola|10|tackle,tail-whip,quick-attack,pursuit|hustle||

--2|Island Kahuna Hala|fighting|/leaders/sm-hala@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419#Hala
machop|15|karate-chop,revenge,focus-energy|guts||
makuhita|15|fake-out,sand-attack,arm-thrust|thick-fat||
crabrawler|16|power-up-punch,pursuit,leer|iron-fist|fightinium-z--held|

--3|Lana's Trial|water|/leaders/sm-lana@Kyledove@https://www.deviantart.com/kyle-dove|
araquanid|20|leech-life,bubble,bite,aurora-beam|water-bubble|wacan-berry|
masquerain|18|scary-face,stun-spore,tailwind,bug-bite|intimidate||
dewpider|18|sticky-web,rain-dance,bug-bite,bubble|water-bubble||

--4|Kiawe's Trial|fire|/leaders/sm-kiawe@Drawnamu@https://www.deviantart.com/drawnamu
marowak-alola|22|hex,flame-wheel,brick-break,detect|cursed-body|thick-club|
salazzle|20|poison-gas,venoshock,flame-burst,torment|corrosion||

--5|Mallow's Trial|grass|/leaders/sm-mallow@Kyledove@https://www.deviantart.com/kyle-dove
lurantis|24|low-sweep,x-scissor,solar-blade,synthesis|leaf-guard|power-herb|
comfey|22|sunny-day,floral-healing,flower-shield,magical-leaf|flower-veil||
kecleon|22|sunny-day,ancient-power,dizzy-punch,screech|color-change||

--6|Island Kahuna Olivia|rock|/leaders/sm-olivia@Kyledove@https://www.deviantart.com/kyle-dove#Olivia
anorith|27|bug-bite,smack-down,metal-claw|battle-armor||
lileep|27|giga-drain,ancient-power,brine|suction-cups||
lycanroc-midnight|28|bite,rock-tomb|vital-spirit|rockium-z--held|

--7|Sophocles' Trial|electric|/leaders/sm-sophocles@Kyledove@https://www.deviantart.com/kyle-dove
togedemaru|33|zing-zap,spiky-shield,iron-head,bounce|lightning-rod|sitrus-berry|
skarmory|32|stealth-rock,steel-wing,tailwind,torment|sturdy||
dedenne|31|super-fang,eerie-impulse,charm,discharge|pickup||

--8|Acerola's Trial|ghost|/leaders/sm-acerola@Drawnamu@https://www.deviantart.com/drawnamu
mimikyu-disguised>mimikyu-disguised|35|shadow-claw,play-rough,leech-life,slash|disguise|lum-berry|
banette|32|screech,will-o-wisp,feint-attack,curse|insomnia||
jellicent|33|water-pulse,snore,spite,night-shade|cursed-body||

--9|Island Kahuna Nanu|dark|/leaders/sm-nanu@Drawnamu@https://www.deviantart.com/drawnamu
sableye|43|power-gem,shadow-ball,fake-out|keen-eye||
krokorok|43|crunch,assurance,swagger,earthquake|intimidate||
persian-alola|44|power-gem,fake-out,dark-pulse|fur-coat|darkinium-z--held|

--10a|Necrozma|psychic|/leaders/sm-necrozma
necrozma-dusk|50|sunsteel-strike,morning-sun,psycho-cut,night-slash|prism-armor
necrozma-ultra|60|photon-geyser,smart-strike,power-gem,dragon-pulse|neuroforce

--10b|Necrozma|psychic|/leaders/sm-necrozma
necrozma-dawn|50|moongeist-beam,moonlight,psychic,power-gem|prism-armor
necrozma-ultra|60|photon-geyser,smart-strike,power-gem,dragon-pulse|neuroforce

--11|Kommo-o's Trial|dragon|/leaders/sm-kommoo
kommo-o|49|drain-punch,dragon-claw,thunder-punch,poison-jab|soundproof|roseli-berry|
noivern|48|boomburst,screech,dragon-pulse,air-slash|infiltrator||
scizor|46|light-screen,pursuit,bullet-punch,x-scissor|technician||

--12_1|Captain Mina|fairy|/leaders/sm-mina@Kyledove@https://www.deviantart.com/kyle-dove
mawile|51|iron-head,play-rough,sucker-punch|intimidate
granbull|51|stone-edge,play-rough,earthquake|intimidate
ribombee|51|pollen-puff,dazzling-gleam,psychic|shield-dust|fairium-z--held

--12_2|Captain Ilima|normal|/leaders/sm-ilima@Drawnamu@https://www.deviantart.com/drawnamu
gumshoos|51|crunch,hyper-fang,super-fang|stakeout
smeargle|51|extreme-speed,flamethrower,surf,energy-ball|technician
komala|51|sucker-punch,wood-hammer,slam|comatose|normalium-z--held

--12_3a|Captain Mallow|grass|/leaders/sm-mallow@Kyledove@https://www.deviantart.com/kyle-dove
trevenant|51|horn-leech,shadow-claw,leech-seed|natural-cure
shiinotic|51|moonlight,giga-drain,spore|effect-spore
tsareena|51|trop-kick,low-sweep,u-turn|leaf-guard|grassium-z--held

--12_3b|Captain Lana|water|/leaders/sm-lana@Kyledove@https://www.deviantart.com/kyle-dove#Lush jungle
lanturn|51|discharge,thunder-wave,hydro-pump|volt-absorb
cloyster|51|spike-cannon,icicle-crash,spikes|skill-link
araquanid|51|liquidation,leech-life,crunch|water-bubble|waterium-z--held

--12_4|Captain Kiawe|fire|/leaders/sm-kiawe@Drawnamu@https://www.deviantart.com/drawnamu
arcanine|51|crunch,flare-blitz,extreme-speed|intimidate
talonflame|51|quick-attack,flame-charge,brave-bird|flame-body
marowak|51|flame-wheel,shadow-bone,bonemerang|cursed-body|firium-z--held

--12_5|Captain Sophocles|electric|/leaders/sm-sophocles@Kyledove@https://www.deviantart.com/kyle-dove
togedemaru|51|spiky-shield,zing-zap,fell-stinger|iron-barbs
magnezone|51|flash-cannon,discharge,tri-attack|sturdy
golem-alola|51|stone-edge,thunder-punch,steamroller|sturdy|electrium-z--held

--12_6|Island Kahuna Nanu|dark|/leaders/sm-nanu@Drawnamu@https://www.deviantart.com/drawnamu
sableye|52|power-gem,shadow-ball,dark-pulse|keen-eye
absol|52|sucker-punch,night-slash,psycho-cut|super-luck
persian-alola|52|power-gem,fake-out,dark-pulse|fur-coat|darkinium-z--held

--12|Mina's Trial|fairy|/leaders/sm-mina@Kyledove@https://www.deviantart.com/kyle-dove
blissey|53|heal-pulse,light-screen,helping-hand,dazzling-gleam|serene-grace||
pelipper|52|stockpile,scald,spit-up,seed-bomb|drizzle||
ribombee|55|bug-buzz,draining-kiss,quiver-dance,dazzling-gleam|shield-dust|occa-berry|

--13|Island Kahuna Hapu|ground|/leaders/sm-hapu@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419
golurk|53|hammer-arm,earthquake,shadow-punch,stealth-rock|no-guard||
gastrodon|53|muddy-water,mud-bomb,recover|sticky-hold||
flygon|53|earth-power,dragon-breath|levitate||
mudsdale|54|heavy-slam,earthquake,double-kick,payback|stamina|groundium-z--held|

# Elite four

--e1|Molayne|steel|/leaders/sm-molayne@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419
klefki|56|spikes,thunder-wave,flash-cannon,reflect|prankster||
bisharp|56|night-slash,iron-head,x-scissor,metal-sound|defiant||
magnezone|56|flash-cannon,thunderbolt,tri-attack,screech|sturdy||
metagross|56|hammer-arm,meteor-mash,bullet-punch,zen-headbutt|clear-body||
dugtrio-alola|57|earthquake,iron-head,sucker-punch,fissure|tangling-hair|steelium-z--held|

--e2|Olivia|rock|/leaders/sm-olivia@Kyledove@https://www.deviantart.com/kyle-dove#Olivia
armaldo|56|crush-claw,x-scissor,rock-blast|battle-armor||
cradily|56|rock-tomb,energy-ball,stealth-rock|suction-cups||
gigalith|56|stone-edge,bulldoze,iron-head|sand-stream||
probopass|56|earth-power,power-gem,thunder-wave,sandstorm|sturdy||
lycanroc-midnight|57|crunch,stone-edge,counter,rock-climb|keen-eye|rockium-z--held|

--e3|Acerola|ghost|/leaders/sm-acerola@Drawnamu@https://www.deviantart.com/drawnamu#Acerola
banette|56|shadow-claw,feint-attack,infestation,screech|keen-eye||
drifblim|56|ominous-wind,focus-energy,amnesia,baton-pass|aftermath||
dhelmise|56|slam,shadow-ball,energy-ball,whirlpool|steelworker||
froslass|56|blizzard,shadow-ball,confuse-ray,ice-shard|snow-cloak||
palossand|57|shadow-ball,earth-power,giga-drain,iron-defense|water-compaction|ghostium-z--held|

--e4|Kahili|flying|/leaders/sm-kahili@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419#Kahili
braviary|56|crush-claw,brave-bird,air-slash,scary-face|sheer-force||
hawlucha|56|flying-press,throat-chop,dual-chop,poison-jab|mold-breaker||
oricorio-baile|56|revelation-dance,teeter-dance,air-slash,feather-dance|dancer||
mandibuzz|56|bone-rush,brave-bird,punishment,flatter|big-pecks||
toucannon|57|bullet-seed,rock-blast,beak-blast,screech|skill-link|flyinium-z--held|

--c|Hau||/leaders/sm-hau@Beliot419@https://www.deviantart.com/beliot419#Champion
raichu-alola|59|thunderbolt,quick-attack,psychic,focus-blast|surge-surfer||
flareon|58|flare-blitz,quick-attack,charm,baby-doll-eyes|flash-fire||grass
leafeon|58|leaf-blade,quick-attack,charm,baby-doll-eyes|leaf-guard||water
vaporeon|58|hydro-pump,quick-attack,charm,baby-doll-eyes|water-absorb||fire
tauros|58|zen-headbutt,iron-head,earthquake,double-edge|intimidate||
noivern|58|dragon-pulse,air-slash,dark-pulse,super-fang|infiltrator||
crabominable|59|power-up-punch,ice-hammer,stone-edge,dizzy-punch|iron-fist||
incineroar|60|darkest-lariat,flare-blitz,earthquake|blaze|firium-z--held|water
decidueye|60|spirit-shackle,leaf-blade,smack-down|overgrow|grassium-z--held|fire
primarina|60|sparkling-aria,moonblast,hyper-voice|torrent|waterium-z--held|grass
