# Evil Team

--al1|Aliana#power plant
mightyena|38|assurance,roar,swagger,scary-face|intimidate

--al2|Aliana#labs
mightyena|46|crunch,sucker-punch,taunt,embargo|intimidate
druddigon|48|dragon-claw,crunch,shadow-claw,surf|sheer-force

--cnb|Celosia & Bryony#poke ball factory
manectric|41|spark,thunder-fang,bite,odor-sleuth|lightning-rod
liepard|41|hone-claws,taunt,assurance,slash|unburden

--c|Celosia#labs
manectric|46|thunderbolt,thunder-wave,flamethrower,quick-attack|static
drapion|48|night-slash,x-scissor,poison-jab,acupressure|battle-armor

--b|Bryony#labs
liepard|46|fake-out,slash,sucker-punch,taunt|limber
bisharp|48|night-slash,iron-head,x-scissor,shadow-claw|inner-focus

--m1|Mable#frost cavern
houndoom|48|fire-fang,embargo,foul-play,feint-attack|flash-fire

--m2|Mable#labs
houndoom|46|snarl,foul-play,flamethrower,sludge-bomb|early-bird
weavile|48|night-slash,quick-attack,ice-shard,low-sweep|pressure

--x|Xerosic#labs
crobat|46|x-scissor,cross-poison,steel-wing,air-slash|inner-focus
malamar|48|superpower,payback,psycho-cut,retaliate|contrary

--l1|Lysandre#labs
mienfoo|45|swords-dance,high-jump-kick,acrobatics|inner-focus
murkrow|45|foul-play,aerial-ace,retaliate,steel-wing|super-luck
pyroar|47|hyper-voice,fire-blast,dark-pulse|rivalry
gyarados|49|aqua-tail,earthquake,iron-head,outrage|intimidate

--l2|Lysandre#Secret HQa
mienshao|47|swords-dance,high-jump-kick,acrobatics|inner-focus
honchkrow|47|night-slash,aerial-ace,retaliate,steel-wing|insomnia
pyroar|49|hyper-voice,fire-blast,dark-pulse|rivalry
gyarados|51|aqua-tail,earthquake,iron-head,outrage|intimidate

--l3|Lysandre#Secret HQa
mienshao|49|swords-dance,high-jump-kick,acrobatics|inner-focus
honchkrow|49|night-slash,aerial-ace,retaliate,steel-wing|insomnia
pyroar|51|hyper-voice,fire-blast,dark-pulse|rivalry
gyarados|53|aqua-tail,earthquake,iron-head,outrage|intimidate|gyaradosite


# Rivals

--sh1|Shauna|# route 1
froakie|5|pound,growl,bubble|torrent||grass
chespin|5|tackle,growl,vine-whip|overgrow||fire
fennekin|5|scratch,tail-whip,ember|blaze||water

--sh2|Shauna|# route 19
delcatty|49|charm,play-rough,feint-attack,return|cute-charm
goodra|49|dragon-pulse,sludge-wave,body-slam,earthquake|sap-sipper
greninja|51|water-shuriken,extrasensory,double-team|torrent||grass
chesnaught|51|spiky-shield,seed-bomb,brick-break|overgrow||fire
delphox|51|mystical-fire,psychic,calm-mind|blaze||water

--ti1|Tierno# Route 5
corphish|12|vise-grip,swords-dance|shell-armor

--ti2|Tierno#route 19
talonflame|48|swords-dance,quick-attack,acrobatics|flame-body
roserade|49|petal-dance|poison-point
crawdaunt|52|swords-dance,crabhammer,night-slash|shell-armor

--trv|Trevor#route 19
raichu|49|thunderbolt,nuzzle,quick-attack,slam|static
aerodactyl|49|crunch,ancient-power,sky-drop,supersonic|rock-head
florges|51|moonblast,misty-terrain,energy-ball,confide|flower-veil

--tnt|Trevor & Tierno#Route 7
pikachu|14|thunder-shock,quick-attack|static
flabebe|14|vine-whip,fairy-wind|flower-veil
corphish|16|vise-grip,swords-dance|shell-armor

--sy1|Sycamore# lab
bulbasaur|10|tackle,growl,leech-seed,vine-whip|overgrow
charmander|10|scratch,growl,smokescreen,ember|blaze
squirtle|10|tackle,tail-whip,bubble,withdraw|torrent

--sy2|Sycamore#
venusaur|50|petal-dance,worry-seed,synthesis,petal-blizzard|overgrow
charizard|50|flame-burst,flamethrower,wing-attack,slash|blaze
blastoise|50|water-pulse,aqua-tail,iron-defense,skull-bash|torrent

--3a|Korrina|fighting#Geosenge
lucario|25|swords-dance,feint,power-up-punch,metal-sound|steadfast
lucario|25|swords-dance,feint,power-up-punch,metal-sound|steadfast

--3b|Korrina|fighting#Tower of mastery
lucario|25|swords-dance,bone-rush,power-up-punch,metal-sound|steadfast|lucarionite

--se1|Serena|#Tower of master
meowstic-female|28|fake-out,light-screen,psybeam,disarming-voice|keen-eye
absol|28|bite,slash,quick-attack|super-luck
braixen|30|psybeam,fire-spin|blaze||grass
frogadier|30|quick-attack,water-pulse|torrent||fire
quilladin|30|bite,needle-arm|overgrow||water

--se2|Serena|#Tower of master
meowstic-female|31|light-screen,psybeam,disarming-voice,fake-out|keen-eye
absol|31|bite,slash,quick-attack|super-luck
braixen|33|psybeam,fire-spin|blaze||grass
frogadier|33|quick-attack,water-pulse|torrent||fire
quilladin|33|bite,needle-arm|overgrow||water

--se3|Serena|#???
meowstic-female|35|light-screen,psychic,disarming-voice,fake-out|keen-eye
absol|35|bite,slash,swords-dance,quick-attack|super-luck
delphox|37|psybeam,mystical-fire|blaze||grass
greninja|37|quick-attack,water-shuriken|torrent||fire
chesnaught|37|bite,seed-bomb|overgrow||water

--se4|Serena|#???
meowstic-female|44|shadow-ball,psychic,disarming-voice,fake-out|keen-eye
absol|44|night-slash,slash,swords-dance,quick-attack|super-luck
jolteon|44|discharge,quick-attack,double-kick|volt-absorb||grass
flareon|44|lava-plume,quick-attack,bite|flash-fire||fire
vaporeon|44|muddy-water,aurora-beam,quick-attack|water-absorb||water
delphox|46|psychic,flamethrower|blaze||grass
greninja|46|dark-pulse,water-shuriken|torrent||fire
chesnaught|46|brick-break,seed-bomb|overgrow||water

--se5|Serena#victory road
meowstic-female|57|shadow-ball,psychic,disarming-voice,fake-out|keen-eye
jolteon|57|discharge,quick-attack,double-kick|volt-absorb||grass
flareon|57|lava-plume,quick-attack,bite|flash-fire||fire
vaporeon|57|muddy-water,aurora-beam,quick-attack|water-absorb||water
altaria|58|dragon-pulse,dazzling-gleam,confide|natural-cure
absol|59|night-slash,slash,swords-dance,quick-attack|super-luck
delphox|61|psychic,shadow-ball,flamethrower|blaze||grass
greninja|46|dark-pulse,ice-beam,water-shuriken|torrent||fire
chesnaught|46|brick-break,seed-bomb,body-slam|overgrow||water

# Gym Leaders

--1|Viola|bug|#Santalune
surskit|10|quick-attack,bubble,water-sport|swift-swim
vivillon|12|infestation,harden,tackle|shield-dust

--2|Grant|rock#Cyllage
amaura|25|aurora-beam,rock-tomb,thunder-wave,take-down|refrigerate
tyrunt|25|rock-tomb,bite,stomp|strong-jaw

--3|Korrina|fighting#Shalour
mienfoo|29|power-up-punch,fake-out,double-slap|inner-focus
machoke|28|power-up-punch,rock-tomb,leer|guts
hawlucha|32|flying-press,hone-claws,power-up-punch|unburden

--4|Ramos|grass#Coumarine
jumpluff|30|grass-knot,acrobatics,leech-seed|chlorophyll
weepinbell|31|grass-knot,acid,poison-powder,gastro-acid|chlorophyll
gogoat|34|grass-knot,bulldoze,take-down|sap-sipper

--5|Clemont|electric#lumiose
emolga|35|volt-switch,quick-attack,aerial-ace|static
magneton|35|thunderbolt,electric-terrain,mirror-shot|sturdy
heliolisk|37|thunderbolt,quick-attack,grass-knot|dry-skin

--6|Valeria|fairy#laverre
mawile|38|feint-attack,crunch,iron-defense|hyper-cutter
mr-mime|39|light-screen,reflect,psychic,dazzling-gleam|soundproof
sylveon|42|dazzling-gleam,charm,quick-attack,swift|cute-charm

--7|Olympia|psychic#anistar
sigilyph|44|air-slash,psychic,light-screen,reflect|magic-guard
slowking|45|psychic,calm-mind,power-gem,yawn|oblivious
meowstic-female|48|psychic,calm-mind,fake-out,shadow-ball|infiltrator

--8|Wulfric|ice#snowbelle
abomasnow|56|ice-beam,ice-shard,energy-ball|snow-warning
cryogonal|55|ice-beam,hail,confuse-ray,flash-cannon|levitate
avalugg|59|avalanche,crunch,curse,gyro-ball|ice-body

# Elite four

--e1|Malva|fire#Blazing Chamber
pyroar|63|noble-roar,hyper-voice,flamethrower,wild-charge|rivalry
torkoal|63|curse,earthquake,stone-edge,flame-wheel|white-smoke
chandelure|63|confuse-ray,shadow-ball,flamethrower,confide|flame-body
talonflame|65|brave-bird,flare-blitz,quick-attack,flail|flame-body

--e2|Siebold|water#Flood chamber
clawitzer|63|water-pulse,dark-pulse,dragon-pulse,aura-sphere|mega-launcher
gyarados|63|waterfall,ice-fang,earthquake,dragon-dance|intimidate
starmie|63|psychic,light-screen,dazzling-gleam,surf|illuminate
barbaracle|65|cross-chop,stone-edge,razor-shell,x-scissor|tough-claws

--e3|Wikstrom|steel#ironworks chamber
klefki|63|dazzling-gleam,flash-cannon,torment,spikes|prankster
probopass|63|earth-power,power-gem,discharge,flash-cannon|sturdy
scizor|63|bullet-punch,iron-head,x-scissor,night-slash|technician
aegislash-shield|65|kings-shield,iron-head,sacred-sword,shadow-claw|stance-change

--e4|Drasna|dragon#Dragonmark chamber
dragalge|63|dragon-pulse,surf,sludge-bomb,thunderbolt|poison-point
druddigon|63|dragon-tail,revenge,retaliate,chip-away|rough-skin
altaria|63|moonblast,dragon-pulse,cotton-guard,sing|natural-cure
noivern|65|air-slash,dragon-pulse,flamethrower,super-fang|frisk

--c1|Diantha#Radiant chamber
hawlucha|64|swords-dance,flying-press,x-scissor,poison-jab|limber
tyrantrum|65|head-smash,earthquake,dragon-claw,crunch|strong-jaw
aurorus|65|thunder,blizzard,light-screen,reflect|refrigerate
gourgeist-large|65|trick-or-treat,phantom-force,shadow-sneak,seed-bomb|pickup
goodra|66|dragon-pulse,muddy-water,fire-blast,focus-blast|sap-sipper
gardevoir|68|moonblast,psychic,shadow-ball,thunderbolt|trace|gardevoirite

--c2|AZ#Lumiose
torkoal|60|lava-plume,stone-edge,body-slam,return|white-smoke
golurk|60|phantom-force,heavy-slam,mega-punch,return|no-guard
sigilyph|60|psychic,cosmic-power,air-slash,return|magic-guard

